# Pymongo
#How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future? Writing programs that are maintanable, readable, and adaptable is crucial in software development. It is critical to the success of every application in terms of functionality and scalability. Writing maintainable, readable and adaptable programs makes code reusable. One of the biggest advantage of the python CRUD file developed in project one is that we were able to use it in project two--dashboard by importing the class. That is an advantage of using the Object-oriented programming paradigm. Working in this way allows us to write maintanable, readable and adaptable programs that are abstracted and can be reused. By following industry standards such as using consistent formatting, adding comments, using descriptive naming convensions, integrated with error/exception handling, we were able to write the AnimalShelter class with all essential attributes and methods that allowed us to connect to the 'AAC' database in MongoDB and perform CRUD operations on the stored data. We imported the class in our dash .ipynb file and instantiated the class to connect to the database and perform CRUD operations. In the future, I hope to personalize this CRUD python file to build a weight tracking application for myself and friends.  


#How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests? As a computer scientist, the first step to creating a robust application is to understand the depth of what the customer is really asking for. That is, it is essential to thoroughly understand the requirement specification as defined by the customer. That provides the foundation or framework for all other stages of the software development lifecycle. For both project one and two in this class, I read the customer requirement so many times over and over again to get a good understanding of the customer's request. This allowed me to research and investigate about the importance of this app to Grazioso Salvare. Under normal circumstances, I would interview the company to get some more details about the app's requirement specification. I always approach every project by first understanding every essential detail associated to it. This saves me a lot of headache later down the line and ensures that, my developed application meets the clent's expectations. The only different thing about this project compared to my previous classes is that, I had to learn a new language (Dash python framework) to code my project in this class. Usually, I am familiar with the language being used in the course but Dash was new to me. In the future, the strategy would still be to understand the customer needs thoroughly, investigate, interview, unit test (automate) my code against customer needs. Choosing the right type of database would also be crucial. There are cases where I would prefer relational databases like SQL to non-relational databases like MongoDB. Also, scalability would be a factor when creating databases in the future because customer needs evolve. 


#What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better? Computer scientists design, develop, and analyze the software and hardware used to solve problems in all kinds of business, industry, scientific, and social contexts. What computer scientists do matter because without them, there would not be solutions to problems we face as a society. Think of how helpful mobile bank applications are to society enabling us to see our bank accounts and conduct online transactions. Computer scientists are the driving force of technology in society. Without them, none of the convenience we have would be possible. My work on this type of project would help a company like Grazioso Salvare that train rescue dogs identify and categories which kind of dogs to train for a particular type of rescue operation. 
